Good morning family, praise the Lord!
I'm glad you all joined me again today to pray.
We have a lot of work to do actually, but I just want to give you all a testimony real quick about a lady who reached out to us for prayer.
She said she broke her hip and four ribs and was in a lot of pain.
I prayed for her on this video right here, and she contacted us and told us, 'When you were praying and believing for my healing, I just want to let you know the Lord healed me.
' I want to give all the glory, honor, and praise to the Lord Jesus Christ.
He is the healer, and He is healing the sick, the same yesterday, today, and forever.
He is a good God and He is a healer.
That's why I have this shirt here; I want this to stand bold in black and white: 'Jesus the Healer.
' He is still healing the sick today, folks.
I'm bold about it because I've seen it time and time again that He's doing it.
We have to take it by faith.
You've got to reach out and grab the hem of His garment by faith and call those things that be not as though they were.
I'm excited about that; I just wanted to give God praise, a testimony, and a shout of glory because He is doing miracles through this YouTube channel.
I'm believing for your manifestation.
There's a gentleman named Keith, and for his privacy's sake, his last name starts with an R.
He writes us well-written letters that bless me every single time.
He is just so awesome in the way he talks about his family and everything he's going through.
He's an elderly gentleman, but we look forward to him writing to us because we've kept every single one; they are very precious to us.
He is asking for his children to come home to the Lord.
They are very liberal and need a touch, so I'm going to believe God with him today.
I felt the cry for the children to come home in that letter, and it really moved me today when I got it.
The Lord was showing me there are so many of you that have children who are wayward.
You feel like you're at the end of your rope sometimes, feeling that there's no hope because they are so lost and it seems so far out there.
When you're at the end of the rope, Jesus has grabbed onto the rope with you.
When all else is done, stand therefore.
I just want to encourage every single one of you: do not give up on your unsaved loved ones.
When I had my visitation almost over two weeks ago, the Lord told me, 'You must pray for the blinders to come off their eyes and that the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened.
' Satan blinds the eyes of the unbeliever and causes it so that they can't see the light of the truth.
The Bible says to train up a child in the way they should go, and when they get older, they will not depart from it.
Regardless, even if they're wayward, they're going to come back because those seeds of truth are planted inside of them.
You may say, 'I never trained them up in the way they should go,' but it doesn't matter; God's merciful, and I believe we can turn them around by prayer.
The same Jesus Christ of Nazareth that was raised 2,000 years ago from the dead dwells on the inside of you.
Do you believe it?
Do you believe you have power and authority over the devil?
You might say, 'I believe you do, Brother Brandon,' but do you believe you do?
He's no respecter of persons; the same Jesus that lives inside of me lives inside of you.
I'm telling you, we have power and authority over the devil because the Bible tells us we do, so we have to use it today.
We cannot just sit there and pray a weak, anemic prayer.
I believe it's time we get bold about our faith and know that all things are possible to him who believes.
Greater is He that is in you than he that is in the world.
Let's get started and pray for the wayward children.
I'm using Keith R's children as a point of contact for every single one of you.
When we pray for our brother and take our needs off of ourselves, there's power in prayer.
You have to take your eyes off the problem and look into Jesus' face because He's the answer.
He has America, Australia, Canada, and Asia—He has all of it, folks.
I believe with all my heart we will see the greatest outpouring of the Spirit of God this world has seen yet, and we're going to see a major move of His presence in these last days.
Father, we just thank You for Keith R's children and we call all these children in right now in the name of Jesus.
We're going to take communion over it and we say, 'Satan, take your hands off of our children!
Get your hands off of their eyes!
' I thank You, Lord, that You said if we call those things that be not as though they were, we say they are saved, they are filled with the Holy Ghost, and they are on fire for Jesus.
They are no longer wayward, but they are coming home.
I thank You, Lord, that this is the time for them to get radically born again.
Father, I thank You that You will not allow any of our children to go to hell.
We stand in that gap interceding for them.
Angels, I thank You that You're going on behalf of each and every person that has wayward children, and we call forth the mighty hand of the Lord to move right now.
We call forth results: first the blade, then the ear, then the full manifestation.
It's time for a great acceleration when it comes to wayward children coming home.
Every person represented here today who has wayward children, we say they are not wayward anymore.
They are saved, filled with the Holy Ghost, and on fire for You, Lord.
We take authority over those blinders and say that the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened.
I call them in, and I call the Lord of the harvest to bring in those children, relatives, husbands, or wayward wives.
No more, Satan!
You will not have our loved ones.
We call the hardness of their hearts to be pliable and soft to the gospel.
We thank You, Lord, that they're calling today and saying, 'Mom, Dad, I am coming home.
I want to be born again.
I see the error in my ways and I know I've been wrong and I've been wayward and today I want to turn around and repent.
' I stand in agreement with every single one of you.
Father, we take communion over it.
You're a healer and a deliverer, and You will bring those wayward family members home because their eyes are open and they know the error in their ways.
They don't want to go to hell.
May they have an inward shaking experience with the Holy Spirit to wake them up in the middle of the night.
I thank You, Lord, for angelic visitations and manifestations of angelic beings.
I thank You, Lord, that as we take this body, we're believing by faith that You're bringing all of our kids home.
We take it by faith that we're healed and whole.
No viruses will come nigh us this winter—no flu, no pestilence, no plagues, no nothing comes nigh us, Father.
We walk in divine health—no respiratory issues, colds, or sinus infections.
For You were wounded for our transgressions, You were bruised for our iniquities, the chastisement of our peace was upon You, and with Your stripes we are healed.
I call forth new hearts, even for Sherry.
I thank You, Lord, for a creative miracle in Sherry's heart even with that pacemaker.
We speak to that heart: be healed in the name of Jesus!
Sherry, from the top of your head to the souls of your feet, no more of this fear and torment over you anymore.
We take authority over that demonic spirit whispering in your ear and command it to go now!
The Lord says to fill your mind and spirit with His Word and meditate on it like you would take medicine.
Meditate on His Word until it becomes Rhema in your spirit and the breakthrough is there.
The heart is related to fear and meditation on the wrong things.
Meditate on the Word so you know the truth, and the truth will set you free.
But you've got to get the heart lined up with the Word, because the Bible says that men's hearts will fail them for fear looking at those things coming upon the Earth.
You've got to get fear out, for fear tolerated is faith contaminated.
You've got to get the Word in to transform the fear you've been meditating on.
It may take having less time on social media and YouTube, but getting the Word down inside is more important because His words are life to those that find them and health to all their flesh.
Sherry, you've got to get this down there and turn the ship around because the Lord still has a work for you to do.
Do not have fear about what's coming upon the Earth.
Don't take thought for tomorrow, for tomorrow will have worries of its own.
Spend time with Him, for if you abide in Him and His words remain in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done for you.
Father, I thank You for the covenant, and Your promises are yes and amen.
I call forth healing over these bodies, hearts, and minds.
We call those things to be not as though they were, and we are well: spirit, soul, and body.
Lord, we thank You for the blood.
If we make much of the blood, the blood will make much of us.
We take the care out of our prayer.
You told us to be careful for nothing.
We trust in the finished work of Jesus Christ that He will bring them home.
We take this blood right now and call them in.
We thank You, Father, that this will be the greatest miracle-working year.
We call for peace in the home, a time of heaven on earth in your homes.
Having peace in the home is like winning the lottery; there's not a price tag on it.
We apply the blood over your children today; we apply the blood over your husbands and your wives today.
We apply the blood of Jesus over people who are tormented in the mind, tormented with depression or satanic bondage.
We renew our minds with the word of God.
You have to have a foundation of the word of God down inside of your heart so that when the waves and the winds of life come and your house is planted upon the Rock, your house will stand the test of the storm.
Prayer alone won't do it; it's the Word that will set the captives free.
Read the Word and listen to people like Brother Hagin or John Kilpatrick who preach the word.
You've got to get angry at the devil.
You can't be passive about a devil that's trying to kill you.
If you give him an inch, he'll take a mile.
Jesus is coming, and you better get your lamps filled with oil.
Lord, we apply the blood over us.
This bottle of olive oil with rosemary and frankincense is significant in the spirit realm when used by faith.
I anoint my children with oil before they go to school.
I plead the blood of Jesus over them.
I anoint their noses and mouths so no virus enters.
We are covered in this house by the blood.
I anoint their minds; they have the mind of Christ and can do all things through Christ who strengthens them.
Megan is getting better and better; I see the fruit there.
Glory to God!
She's turning around and one day she will give her testimony on here.
She will go viral in the name of Jesus, testifying that Jesus is the healer.
Anoint your bedposts.
If you have a husband or wife who is in sin, anoint their pillow and headboard and pray over them in their sleep.
Apply the blood over your car, doorposts, and windows.
No calamity shall come nigh you.
Father, we pray for America.
It's on my heart today to keep praying for Donald Trump and that all corruption against him would be uncovered.
Only an awakening under God will save America, and I believe You put Donald J.
Trump in this position to lead us.
I pray for supernatural wisdom over his mind and a radical visitation from You, Lord.
Shake him in the midnight hour and call him to his knees for such a time as this.
I thank You for a move of Your presence in the White House and supernatural wisdom over President Trump, JD Vance, and all the cabinet members.
We intercede for other nations too.
We call for the removal of Justin Trudeau and his evil cabinet.
We call for the people of Canada to rise up with righteous indignation.
Satan, you will not take Canada anymore!
We thank You for raising up men and women of God to take back what the enemy has stolen in Australia, England, France, Europe, Asia, and Africa.
This world will see a move of the Spirit like never before.
Rise up and know who you are in Father.
Be bold about your faith.
Thank You, Lord, for healings and deliverances.
I believe we received what we prayed today.
If you haven't subscribed, please do.
If you want something in the natural to change, you have to start in the supernatural.
You have to take authority over it in the spirit realm first.
We speak blessing over your households, finances, jobs, and raises.
We are the head and not the tail, above and not beneath.
Amen.